Add docs for package_info() method (#2852)
conan-io/docs: tutorial/creating_packages/define_package_information.rst

Define information for consumers: the package_info() method
===========================================================

.. important::

    In this example, we retrieve the *fmt* Conan package from a Conan repository with
    packages compatible with Conan 2.0. To run this example successfully you should add this
    remote to your Conan configuration (if did not already do it) doing:
    ``conan remote add conanv2 https://conanv2beta.jfrog.io/artifactory/api/conan/conan --index 0``

In the previous tutorial section, we explained how to store the headers and binaries of a
library in a Conan package using the :ref:`package
method<creating_packages_package_method>`. Consumers that depend on that package will
reuse those files, but we have to provide some additional information so that Conan can

> pass that to the build system and consumers can build the package.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
pass that to the build system and consumers can use the package.
```

  those explicitly. The declaration of the ``package_info`` method in our Conan package
  would be equivalent to this one:

.. code-block:: python
    :caption: *conanfile.py*

    ...
    
    class helloRecipe(ConanFile):
        name = "hello"
        version = "1.0"    

        ...

        def package_info(self):
            self.cpp_info.libs = ["hello"]
            # conan sets libdirs = ["lib"] and includedirs = ["include"] by default
            self.cpp_info.libdirs = ["lib"]
            self.cpp_info.includedirs = ["include"]

Setting information in the package_info() method
------------------------------------------------

Besides what we explained above about the information you can set in the
``package_info()`` method, there are some typical use cases:

- Define information for consumers depending on settings or options
- Customizing certain information that generators provide to consumers, like the target
  names for CMake or the generated files names for pkg-config for example
- Propagating configuration values to consumers
- Propagating environment information to consumers
- Define components for Conan packages that provide multiple libraries

> Let's see some of those. First, clone the project sources if you already didn't. You can

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Let's see some of those in action. First, clone the project sources if you haven't done so yet. You can
```

find them in the `examples2.0 repository <https://github.com/conan-io/examples2>`_ on
GitHub:

.. code-block:: bash

    $ git clone https://github.com/conan-io/examples2.git
    $ cd examples2/tutorial/creating_packages/package_information

Define information for consumers depending on settings or options
-----------------------------------------------------------------

For this section of the tutorial we introduced some changes in the library and recipe.
Let's check the relevant parts:

Changes introduced in the library sources
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> First, please note that we are using `other branch

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
First, please note that we are using `another branch
```

<https://github.com/conan-io/libhello/tree/package_info>`_ from the **libhello** library.
Let's check the library's *CMakeLists.txt*:

.. code-block:: text
    :caption: *CMakeLists.txt*
    :emphasize-lines: 9,11

    cmake_minimum_required(VERSION 3.15)
    project(hello CXX)

    ...

    add_library(hello src/hello.cpp)

    if (BUILD_SHARED_LIBS)
        set_target_properties(hello PROPERTIES OUTPUT_NAME hello-shared)
    else()
        set_target_properties(hello PROPERTIES OUTPUT_NAME hello-static)
    endif()

    ...

> As you can see, we are setting the output name for the library depending on if we are
> building the library as static (*hello-static*) or shared (*hello-shared*). Now let's see

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
As you can see, we are setting the output name for the library depending on whether we are
building the library as static (*hello-static*) or as shared (*hello-shared*). Now let's see
```

by default, will set a target name for the library using the same name as the Conan
package. If you have a look at that *CMakeLists.txt* from the *test_package*:

.. code-block:: cmake
    :caption: test_package *CMakeLists.txt*
    :emphasize-lines: 7

    cmake_minimum_required(VERSION 3.15)
    project(PackageTest CXX)

    find_package(hello CONFIG REQUIRED)

    add_executable(example src/example.cpp)
    target_link_libraries(example hello::hello)

You can see that we are linking with the target name ``hello::hello``. Conan sets this
target name by default, but we can change it using the *properties model*. Let's try to
change it to the name ``hellotarget``. To do this, we have to set the property
``cmake_target_name`` in the package_info method of our *hello/1.0* Conan package:

.. code-block:: python
    :caption: *conanfile.py*
    :emphasize-lines: 10

    class helloRecipe(ConanFile):
        ...

        def package_info(self):
            if self.options.shared:
                self.cpp_info.libs = ["hello-shared"]
            else:
                self.cpp_info.libs = ["hello-static"]

>             self.cpp_info.set_property("cmake_target_name", "hellotarget")

Reviewer: Add a note:
- Global target names are really not recommended, better use ppkg_name::target_name
- If the target name is pkgname::pkgname, it is NOT necessary to define it, that is already the default

    ...
    -------- Testing the package: Building --------
    hello/1.0 (test package): Calling build()
    ...
    -- Detecting CXX compile features
    -- Detecting CXX compile features - done
    -- Conan: Target declared 'hellotarget'
    ...
    [100%] Linking CXX executable example
    [100%] Built target example

    -------- Testing the package: Running test() --------
    hello/1.0 (test package): Running test()
    hello/1.0 (test package): RUN: ./example
    hello/1.0: Hello World Release! (with color!)

You can see how Conan declares now the ``hellotarget`` instead of the default
``hello::hello`` and the *test_package* builds successfully.

The target name is not the only property you can set in the CMakeDeps generator. For a
complete list of properties that affect the CMakeDeps generator behaviour, please check
the :ref:`reference<CMakeDeps Properties>`. 

Propagating environment or configuration information to consumers
-----------------------------------------------------------------

You can provide environment information to consumers in the ``package_info()``. To do so,
you can use the ConanFile's :ref:`runenv_info<conan_conanfile_attributes_runenv_info>` and

> :ref:`buildenv_info<conan_conanfile_attributes_buildenv_info>` properties:

Reviewer: Maybe add a note that it is not necessary to add bindirs to PATH or libdirs to LD_LIBRARY_PATH, those are automatically managed?
